[WIP] Public beta docs for ephemeral values (#35899)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/values/outputs.mdx

written from the perspective of the user of the module rather than its
maintainer. For commentary for module maintainers, use comments.

<a id="ephemeral"></a>

### `ephemeral` — Avoid storing values in state or plan files

> -> **Note**: Ephemeral outputs are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.10 and later. The workflows of ephemeral outputs are subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note title="Public beta">

Ephemeral outputs are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.10 and later. The workflows of ephemeral outputs are subject to change.

</Note>
```

> -> **Note**: Ephemeral outputs are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.1.0 and later. The workflows of ephemeral outputs are subject to change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> **Note**: Ephemeral outputs are in public beta and available in Terraform v1.10 and later. The workflows of ephemeral outputs are subject to change.
```
